All right we'll come back with the students on the last lecture you saw me correcting the semi-colon
here and I also wanted to correct this curly bracket here but I cut the BT off before you even saw that.
So make sure that you've got your curly brackets there in your semi-colons in the correct place.
Right.
But anyway if we don't we'll just make sure that we do right.
But let's just correct that here and we'll have another curly brackets for the function up here.
All right.
All right so let's not forget that but anyway we'll see the error and debug it if something happens.
So I think we're good for this play this here.
Let's do the next square.
Actually is the same Querrey but we got it append to it because it was cool on top.
All right.
So now we've got to get the values here.
And I put a little space right here as you can see if you don't put a little space in mine not work.
So values with with the parentheses there put single quotes around it because they are string mostly.
And just going to do some placeholder for now right here like that.
All right.
So we got the first name we have the last name.
And these are separated by coma.
By the way as you can see right here we go and e-mail.
Whoops.
What is the next one.
It's password and validation code and value for their actif And
right now is 0 right.
Actually this column here should be active not zero.
All right.
So correct that this is where the validation default value would be and semicolon.
So make sure that you get your single quotes around each and your coma.
All right for separating each value.
Once this is done then we can confirm this Querrey and Lucius well send the query first as well then
we'll confirm it.
And if everything goes good we should see no errors.
All right.
So we can send 0 here for values like this were no quilt around the right.
Or I think we're good to go right now and wish you actually had some type of message here.
Right.
Let's go out some type of message.
Let's use Eckl user use or re-used or something like that.
All right.
All right let's check it out let's see if he goes through Let's refresh Let's get another user he is
going to call his guy gaiwan and Martinez.
That's a Spanish name by the way.
For those of you that don't know that I'm going to.
And that's because I he has a really short user name.
That's why I'm using him.
By the way not just because I'm Spanish guys.
All right.
I don't discriminate.
And this is not a dollar sign he has to be that symbol 1 2 and 3 1 2 and 3 and he's not going to work.
All right guys come on.
You should've stopped me when this was going to happen.
Right.
The reason is because we don't have the function right the function we don't have it anywhere here.
All right.
So we got to register that BHP we have divided a user only We're not calling this function.
This one registered user.
So what I'm going to do is.
And instead of calling it on that page what I want to do is call it and I'm going to use array here
like this.
And I already see it up.
I already see a problem here but let's just go back here.
If there is an empty display this but if else that means we have no errors we'll just call this function
a write like this.
So we get no errors we'll call this function but we can do something better than that we can say if
I write and then we can display something your users use or register or let's do it up here and let's
take of everything that has to do with messages here.
All right and then we can say return true.
All right.
So there we returning false here.
But if everything goes good we return true.
And we're using it right here after these statement saying The calls are empty.
That means we're good to go right here else.
It then IMT with explaining errors by calling this function.
All right.
So if we don't have no errors then we call this function here and we replay user registers.
Now the problem here.
All right we are actually all right we got this call and let's see if it works and then we'll debug
it.
I'd like to do things fast like this where we can see this thing action register undefined variable
username exist and function must be a string function name on to 89.
Same error two eighty nine.
All right.
So this must be a string and we are getting an error.
Undefined variable user name exists on the Fineberg will use an image.
This is looking for variable.
So that means that user names right here
oh we get this problem here.
That's OK.
We've got to go in.
All right.
Let's do some other
last name.
Rodriguez The almightiness little Martina's user name one.
One two just in case he already register a user and one to that G-mail password 1 2 3 1 2 and 3 register
on the phone variable validation code on three hundred.
All right.
Pretty cool.
I love validating stuff.
All right.
So he's looking for this code and he can't find it.
His validation code.
All right.
So the reason is because we misspelled is here.
There we go.
Isn't this fun don't you like this.
All right.
Juan Martinez and I'm leaving these lectures here guys.
I want you to see how the body.
I love the biking.
And if you're taking one of my courses you know that I love debugging because it either it helps me
become better.
And he helps you allow more than helps me or I can easily believe his lectures and bring and make another
one.
All right.
So let's just do this one too.
Gmail dot com.
Let's do one three just in case.
Password 1 2 and 3 and 4 1 2 and 3 and 4 register.
All right.
Those non-magic value count at 1.
All right column count does not much value count.
Rule 1.
All right.
Is failing the Querrey that means the vote count in confirm want 2 3 4 5 6 7 1 2 3 4 5 and 6 we're missing
a value right here you see that.
So when you get something like this is because you missing a column in your query.
All right.
Beautiful.
So let's see which one we're missing.
We got a last name.
We're missing the username.
All right.
Beautiful.
You see why I love debugging.
All right so that user name is actually before the e-mail so let's do it.
Let's make sure that these are in water.
All right.
Because you don't if you don't put it in water you've got to sort of them in the wrong way in the wrong
order in the database.
So last name of the last name is user name and we'll just put that in there make sure they're separated
by a coma OK.
Double check this.
So you get no errors right here.
All right.
So now let's count one two three four five six seven.
Looks like we're good.
Now let's cross our fingers and let's do it again and let's see we have our APHC admin software so we
can check it to see if it's know or other users there.
All right there's no more other users.
Actually the one then let's do one.
And Martinez is the last name and user name one by one at G-mail for one.
I got a feeling one is about to get register right now.
One two three four.
Ah.
All right so now we've got a problem here.
We've got some syntax error on line one way.
What can this be.
All right let's go and check it out.
All right.
Line one is close to the password right here.
So what's going on here.
Why are we getting an error.
All right.
So values we got our first name last name user name we missing a code right here you see that.
I think this is the last one guys.
Perfect.
You see how you end this sometimes in the beginning when I first started this was taking me maybe two
or three hours sometimes two days to figure it out guys.
That's why I wanted to show you here how it's done right.
All right.
This one G-mail come and password 1 2 3 1 2 and 3 register user register.
All right refresh.
And now we can see that the user has raised her right.
We got a validation code.
We got a password.
There's hash.
We got an e-mail using the last name first name and the ID right.
So I hope you learn a lot how to value they call how to debug it.
We're not going to be doing a lot of the end up in the course anymore maybe a little bit but not as
much as this.
I want you to get a feeling of debugging.
And so I'm going to leave this lecture on hopefully you can appreciate that.
Thank you so much.
And I'll see you in the next lecture.